Note - 24/01/2024 - 28/01/2024:

Lyrics have been scrapped in this release.
They were written inside my school (during lessons) since November 2023 and was finalized in beginning of January 2024.

Decided to cancel lyrics into release due to low-quality recording, working on getting a different setup in the future.

I was so excited to release it with lyrics for once.
But looks like not everything can be perfect.

Also everything I said into these lyrics are 90% based IRL from me ofc.
And no I am not a target from the "Matrix". Too young for that shit.

Sorry that things had to be this way,
JØ3ef

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------
[FULL LYRICS]

Moving on is a process
Motherfuckers on my way, always
Bitch get the fuck away before I pull my 9mm
Sliding me a text won't stop me.

Go get a fucking life then jump off,
Bitches like you, they come and go.

An apology won't change my head, so go ahead and keep begging, God told me to forgive the people who hurt me, but I said "There has to be limits."

Find someone else to ruin their lives, then they will end up better than you. I wish I can remove all these fucking memories that I've made with all of you.
(Fucks Sakes..)

Always going to school, I see y'alls faces and makes me wanna go fucking puke, Get a goddamn job and move on,
Fun? Wont Last, Time? I'll pass.
We both know that I am better then all of you.

I wish there isn't anymore people like you, piece's of shit who don't know how to even fuckin live, just get the hell out of this world, bitch.

School life sucks ass, always work, work, work when in reality it's all a waste of time and energy.

School keeps you away from reality, always look at your loved ones fist before work.

Escape the matrix before they hypnotise you.

Teachers don't care about you, they want to MANIPULATE you.

The system is almost broken, I lied,
THEY WONT BREAK no matter what.

Friends, won't last, Your time, has past.
Love won't last, Your mind, has left.

Was it all worth it? It never was, family is first until the end. 
Choose God in the end.

I am a Pawn that changed weakest to powerful pieces.

At least I will be better then you.
